this is John Carlos and I just picked up
the Avengers Iron Man mark 7 hot toys
figure from corner store comics now the
mark 7 is my favorite of all the Iron
Man suits so I am really excited to
check this figure out like the previous
hot toys Avengers figures the sides of
the packaging feature a little circular
logo
this one's of Tony Stark's arc reactor
the outer sleeve is red the inner
packaging is gold the perfect two colors
for Iron Man and here is just a quick
comparison of how the packaging lines up
with all the others so this figure comes
with a lot of stuff so we'll take a
quick look at the figure and then we'll
show you what all this stuff is and what
it does as far as paint and sculpting
goes this is a very easy figure to
review the paint is clean
certainly reads like metal and the
sculpt well look at it looks like Iron
Man
well that head was really easy to pop
out install his neck piece onto his
alternative head and that popped in
really easy too that was awesome when I
first saw photographs of this head
sculpt I was not sold but then I saw it
in person and I really liked it not only
does it have a great likeness with good
sculpting good paint day you would
expect from Hot Toys but I really like
this smirk they gave them it's it's
perfect for the character of Tony Stark
and it really does separate it from all
the previous head sculpts that the other
Iron Man figures have had I think that
it a great job on the hair the facial
hair looks good
overall I dig the crap out of this head
sculpt I think it's fun so here in the
back of his legs you can open up the
little air brake flaps
including these big calf pieces which
lift and then hinge upward so here are
the air flaps and while we're back here
might as well pull the tab right here
and go into how you turn on the chest
piece now he comes with two kinds of
arms the arms that are featured here
have the light-up feature and there's
another set that don't light up they
also don't allow for any
interchangeability on the gauntlet piece
here so I'm probably not going to be
sticking with these but here's a look at
it it's got that little laser beam on it
it comes with the Battle Damage shoulder
piece which comes off but for this
review I'd like to get into the light-up
feature which you can't do on the arms
with a fist you have to do one of these
light-up hands alright once you've
switched out not only the hands but the
wrist cuff which allows for those hands
to pop up pull the tab on the back of
the arm on the inside of the arm is a
little button makes that light up this
headpiece is magnetic I don't know why
but my little magnet piece popped out
but you pull that tab flick that light
now you go light up face before I go
into the battle damaged parts I smell it
you guys know that if you are going to
use the non light-up arm you can only
use a fist on it you can't use any other
hand now these battle damage pieces come
right off so does the regular shoulder
piece you can just insert it and slide
up on the other side you just do the
same pop that on now there's also a
battle-damaged mask barely battle damage
but it's got some light scuffing on it
you just pop that on now there's also a
battle damage chest but I tried and
tried and tried and cannot for like me
kind of pull this off without feeling
that I'm going to break it and of course
I don't want to break it so here's what
the battle damage piece looks like maybe
if you get this yours pulls off better
but I am not risking it one thing that I
could get to work though is you could
take off the detachable chest plates on
the side that's pretty cool now another
neat function is you can pull the figure
up a little bit and then allows you to
bend him at the waist a little more and
that a really cool little feature that I
did not see coming
now his shoulder pieces pop off rather
easily I might add and you can attach
the shoulder pieces that have the little
missiles that fire out of them and aside
from that you can also pop in these sort
of neutral non missile shoulder pieces
although that's not nearly as exciting
now the thigh pieces come off rather
easily
and you can install the awesome side 5
missile launcher ones or if you're so
inclined there are these simple little
gold ones
you can pop off that arm piece and
attach the missile launcher and do that
on both arms there's a little arm rocket
launcher there now he also comes with an
articulated hand that has the light-up
feature that has individual articulated
knuckle pieces so like if you wanted to
you can make him flip someone off or if
you want to make like a dude broad
douchebag he can do the Shocker
now there are quite a few unexpected to
me details that I really liked about
this figure I like that he's got like
toe hinges at the bottom of his feet I
like the way his knees break apart for
the double knee joint I like that the
shoulders there's not only a ball joint
but they like rays behind the ball joint
as well I thought that was kind of cool
how the shoulders lift up and down and
even though there's a ball joint in the
head I like that there's a little neck
swivel too here he is with his back and
leg flaps open his front side chest
piece panels are taken off his arm
rocket launchers are ready to go and his
thigh and shoulder missiles are exposed
they didn't make a lot of mark 7 action
figures in the Avengers came out Hasbro
made 3 and 3/4 inch figures but there
was no six inch figure diamond selected
make one so this is your only choice for
a mark 7 quality action figure my only
real grievance is the battle damage is
kinda weak now Hot Toys is making a
battle damaged full figure it's an
exclusive I tried to preorder it on
sideshow the day it came out and fingers
crossed I'm on the waiting list but just
some stuff on the chest and shoulders
isn't really enough for me it's kind of
arbitrary I'm never going to use it all
so just be advised if you're not going
to be using the light-up stuff a lot
take the batteries out they will become
corrosive over time if you don't use
them and they will damage your figure
but I really like all the whosits and
whatsits and doodads that this figure
comes with it's an awesome figure and I
really like it I highly recommend it
thanks for watching